hey guys welcome back to another video
and i'm joined by bananas 788 41 and i'm
busy scalping her eyes or say hi banana
hello the words you can't pronounce yeah
i can never get your numbers right I can
never get yours right yeah but it means
i didn't have like 50 billion on Finn
you're only okay good point 6 87 88 for
one yes ah yes can I have a cookie
speaking of slushies don't you find my
awesome flower hatsan whole look amazing
I do you awesome I just freaked yah
notes and I was about to say I don't
know if you like to do this but I like
to take parts of the map and like fill
in all the blanks well y'all like I've
to a circle around it like and then and
I finish it yarn and you go run some
people just zigzag everywhere and then
it's annoying filling in all the spots
later I started or on the edge of the
night Caden y'all know same you know
what I hate is when people get the black
walls from the adventure I'll actually
got my black lung from the adventure so
now I got I got mine from a purple long
and and i think a ice cream walled and
present has it how was it a trailer well
back then it would have been but like
now it's kind of over yeah everything
changes so quickly luck found this used
to be worth four lungs and other with
like a short long short not oh god well
really i think uh i always hated any
like like the stupid jammer spleen is
all i hear is hey buddy I she almost do
any lot
one but now I don't dude ends up gravity
well so I've only really use I used to
use that most mystical diamond shop
music a lot I hate it I hate that I used
to love it I love I loved it hate it now
I know it's just a bit boring but to be
honest most these days up there with my
volume off so sir so I never doing this
into it anywhere I hate I hate what
direction that was yeah I just have to
have to get that off there is everything
I age everything I hate everything that
was such a cute squeak adorable also I I
got this beautiful picture of us will
she if it's a picture of me it's bound
to be beautiful again one thing you
might never ever do is tell your mom
that you're bored and and I mom this
time how convenient yeah as I was saying
you never tell your mom that you're
bored other she's going to give you lots
of stuff to do like clean the house wash
the dishwasher that's a surprising
amount of time I know it doesn't make
sense but it's actually surprisingly
requested to couture oh yeah it's
amazing absolutely amazing my mom makes
me do the dishwasher all the time
freedom and it's annoying and I don't
know why I just hate the feeling of
freshly cleaned dishes especially gloss
in the verdict glass y'all and it just
it's got such a squeaky feeling and I
just hate it it makes shivers got my
spine I'm forever alert anyways oh where
I cannot but I'm going to change myself
to clean off it just the tears that's
fabulous fabulous
when you're done with this recording i'm
probably gonna eat the pizza that's
right by me how aren't you eating it
right now I wouldn't have the
self-control if this is really good
pizza it's just silence it's just what
just on a pizza just done is just one
guys let's be honest and we didn't have
that yes yes I'm missing out on time
it's only here in Ohio some kids come to
my house I'll share some pizza with you
don't don't kill people Bernardo don't
kill people it's not good they'll put
you on Santa's naughty list where's this
at hand I called Santa a key kevin ateah
keep it pg-13 please mm-hmm a flamboyant
person and yeah smooth me a plate always
fun sounds really scary you know like at
the shopping malls they'd be a Santa
there and yet you sit on it some knows
when you're sleeping he knows when you
open ah where's this pond yeah the look
at the slushie in the moon yes your
beautiful face tilted so beautiful in
your sunburn yeah Oh God do you know how
soul that was I bet it was bad I know
and it's because I was just been it was
just winter like a few months before
while you guys are having summer I think
y'all you guys are having summer was
winter for me so I stayed inside when
will this long Steve stuff and then I
went then when it was summer we went out
to the equator where the equator was and
I was so hard and I'd literally turned
to a pink turkey kind of thing Bernardo
is phenomenal so she hates bikinis so
she does hate bikinis I hate such as
she's embarrassed you show her bum but
it's so beautiful
no I I feel like I'm i should draw your
wolf's head and then take a cardboard
cutout of someone in apini and then i
should just slap the wolf's head on the
bikini it might blackmail you so I found
a picture of slushy the occasion we kept
I'm follow me confound the pond I always
think I know where this I'm looking
every level check the whole map yeah
well speaks in Japanese no yes two
chicken know it you've been on a banana
slushy it must be quite weird for you
because when you think of slushy you
think of a food but when I think of
slushy I think of me no I think of you
oh that's adorable Oh phosphors millions
I found it yeah what do it dude then
it's gonna suck anyway no I heard the
hardest ones to reach ah fight so dad I
am so done
Oh